bunzip2: add page (#16896)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/bunzip2.md

# bunzip2

> > Decompresses a file and saves by overwriting the original compressed file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Decompress a file and save by overwriting the original compressed file.
```

> > Decompress a file and save by overwriting the original compressed file.
> > See also: `bzip2`, `bzcat`, `bzip2recover`.
> > More information: <https://manned.org/bunzip2>.
> 
> - Decompress a file and stream to standard output:
> 
> `bunzip2 {{file.bz2}}`
> 
> - Test integrity of compressed file:
> 
> `bunzip2 {{[-t|--test]}} {{file.bz2}}`
> 
> - Hide all non-essential output messages, errors, and warnings:
> 
> `bunzip2 {{[-q|--quiet]}} {{file.bz2}}`
> 
> - Reduce decompression memory usage by reducing speed:
> 
> `bunzip2 {{[-s|--small]}} {{file.bz2}}`
> 
> - Reduce decompression memory usage by reducing speed:
> 
> `bunzip2 {{[-k|--keep]}} {{file.bz2}}`
> 
> - Override file overwrite and keep the original compressed file:
> 
> `bunzip2 {{[-V|--version]}}`

Reviewer 2: `bunzip2` is a symlink to `bzip2` and works exactly like `bzip2 -d`. This should be an alias page (like [`unxz`](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/4eb2c0ca94c6670178ae0645bf8437da880f38c7/pages/common/unxz.md) for example).

https://manned.org/bunzip2
>  -d --decompress
              Force decompression.  bzip2, bunzip2 and bzcat are really the same
              program, and the decision about what actions to take is done on
              the basis of which name is used. 
```suggestion
> This command is an alias of `bzip2 --decompress`.

- View documentation for the original command:

`tldr bzip2`
```

Reviewer: How does that differ from `unxz`?

Author: It doesn't really, but I don't know if calling it a straight alias is fair since someone using bzcat is going to need to keep some caveats in mind in a way that they might not need to with the flagged variants of bzip2. That being said I don't feel strongly about this at all, so happy to shift everything to aliases of bzip2 with the specific context for each page. I'll edit and update.
